----------
AM after throwing event to Echo's Al scheduling on the column. Echo
cm unplanned jobs. Those are the jobs that couldn't plan, which you
would need to outsource.
Bradley Lok
‘® So and the next 1E jobs, that's the amount of jobs we could cover.
Then the hour saved. You can see we're not saving very many hours. It
actually costii a little bit more
is actually costing you a little bit more in driver wage.
wuuru Hecu wy UulduUTI Ue.
‘W® Because you need. Obviously the extra drivers onto work driver
savings such as the drm value the jobs
savings such as the DRM value. The jobs difference is how much
ech
echo is done and there
better echo is done, and there's your percentage uplift.
outsource saving
Outsource saving. Again, it's just a monetary value based on the 120.
how much you would save and then
How much you would save and then the total saving is a combination
of your driver
of your driver hours and your job saved
of your driver hours and your job saved. So the basic model we need
to now fine tune this.
Bradley Lok
So if we go on to the next one.
so now the first thing we've
HOW HUI YUU WUOUTU SaVe @iru UCIT Ue LOLI Saviy 1 a CUTuauUlt
so now the first
so now the first thing we've done is we've just refined the shift slightly
so after throwing it into the echo model we can see where the
yo HOw Tre Lune
the majority unplanned jobs are. I'll show you an example of ECHO,
so we just swapped over the 4:00 PM and
how we can see nice and easily. So we just swapped over the 4:00 PM
shift and the 12. So you've got 5 now in the afternoon and 10 in the
simple swap like that
simple swap like that you it away uplifting your jobs by 11.58%
evening. So simple swap like that, you straight away uplifting your
jobs by 11.58%.
ou're savi
‘re saving i hams becomes now
e Bradley Lok
@ You're saving in dirhams becomes now 3355 thousand a year, but you
can see
can see the the red there. We still lose it on hours, so if we just quickly
on to the next
go on to the next one, we're now starting to refine the days slightly,
fou can
so you can on the right hand side the safari shifts from midnight till
10:00 AM you
tly just by maki
10:00 AM. You can see we refine slightly just by making more drivers
work on the busier di
work on the busier days, less drivers on the quieter days and you start
saving on your hours as well.
