1 ----------
1 Vn
1 Sunny Saurabh (External)
4 OK, so I think Natalia Sogi. So in in the current design. So basically
  1 OK, so I think Natalia Sogi. So in in the current design. So basically
  2 OK, so I think Natalia Sogi. So in in the current design. So basically
  3 OK, so I think Natalia Sogi. So in in the current design. So basically
7 what we are doing is for for creation of our serious booking, basically
  1 what we are doing is for for creation of our serious booking, basically
  2 what we are doing is for for creation of our serious booking, basically
  3 what we are doing is for for creation of our serious booking, basically
  4 what we are doing is for for creation of our serious booking, basically
  5 what we are doing is for for creation of our serious booking, basically
  6 what we are doing is for for creation of our serious booking, basically
9 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  1 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  2 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  3 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  4 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  5 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  6 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  7 what we are looking, we are looking for.
  8 what we are looking, we are looking for.
13 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  1 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  2 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  3 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  4 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  5 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  6 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  7 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  8 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  9 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  10 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  11 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  12 Sunny Saurabh (External)
11 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  1 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  2 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  3 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  4 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  5 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  6 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  7 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  8 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  9 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
  10 logic where it says dubai arrival dubai departure and then based on
11 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the | mean
  1 then it cheques for certain other condition and
  2 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  3 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  4 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  5 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  6 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  7 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  8 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  9 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
  10 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the i mean
1 then
11 then it processes that particular booking. So we have a new
  1 then it processes that particular booking so
  2 then it processes that particular booking so we have a new
  3 then it processes that particular booking so we have a new
  4 then it processes that particular booking so we have a new
  5 then it processes that particular booking so we have a new
  6 then it processes that particular booking so we have a new
  7 then it processes that particular booking so we have a new
  8 then it processes that particular booking so we have a new
  9 then it processes that particular booking. So we have a new
  10 then it processes that particular booking. So we have a new
1 requirement which says
13 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  1 requirement which says that other than
  2 requirement which says that other than the that particular
  3 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  4 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  5 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  6 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  7 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  8 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  9 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  10 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  11 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
  12 requirement which says that other than the that particular where the
4 surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do the
  1 surface segment is added
  2 surface segment is not present
  3 surface segment is not present we should still go
11 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  1 surface segment is added other than the surface segment
  2 surface segment is added other than the surface segment it could be
  3 surface segment is added other than the surface segment it could be
  4 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  5 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  6 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  7 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  8 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  9 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  10 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
1 that a new
11 that a new SSR so for example.
  1 that a new ssr so for example
  2 that a new SSR so for example.
  3 that a new SSR so for example.
  4 that a new SSR so for example.
  5 that a new SSR so for example.
  6 that a new SSR so for example.
  7 that a new SSR so for example.
  8 that a new SSR so for example.
  9 that a new SSR so for example.
  10 that a new SSR so for example.
1 currently
1 then it cheques for certain other condition and it creates the | mean
11 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  1 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  2 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  3 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  4 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  5 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  6 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  7 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  8 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  9 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  10 Sunny Saurabh (External)
1 currently we are processing say ctc ctc
10 Currently we are processing say CTC ctcm similar. There could be a
  1 currently we are processing say ctc ctcm similar there could be a new
  2 currently we are processing say ctc ctcm similar there could be a new
  3 currently we are processing say ctc ctcm similar there could be a new
  4 currently we are processing say ctc ctcm similar there could be a new
  5 currently we are processing say ctc ctcm similar there could be a new
  6 currently we are processing say ctc ctcm similar there could be a new
  7 currently we are processing say ctc ctcm similar there could be a new
  8 Currently we are processing say CTC ctcm similar. There could be a
  9 Currently we are processing say CTC ctcm similar. There could be a
1 ssr like that
2 then it processes that particular booking. So we have a new
  1 then it processes that particular booking. So we have a new
1 ssr like that and that ssr
12 new SSR like that and that SSR if it is present in the PNR and even if
  1 sst like that and that ssr if it is present in the pnr and
  2 ssr like that and that ssr if it is present in the pnr and even if that
  3 ssr like that and that ssr if it is present in the pnr and even if that
  4 ssr like that and that ssr if it is present in the pnr and even if that
  5 ssr like that and that ssr if it is present in the pnr and even if that
  6 new SSR like that and that SSR if it is present in the PNR and even if
  7 new SSR like that and that SSR if it is present in the PNR and even if
  8 new SSR like that and that SSR if it is present in the PNR and even if
  9 new SSR like that and that SSR if it is present in the PNR and even if
  10 new SSR like that and that SSR if it is present in the PNR and even if
  11 new SSR like that and that SSR if it is present in the PNR and even if
1 the
2 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
  1 Surface segment is added other than the Surface segment it could be
10 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  1 surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do the
  2 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  3 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  4 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  5 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  6 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  7 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  8 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
  9 that Surface segment is not present we should still go ahead and do
1 the provide the cds
11 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  1 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  2 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  3 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  4 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  5 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  6 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  7 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  8 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  9 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
  10 the the provide the CDs booking for that particular PNR.
1 so this this would be like a
10 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  1 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  2 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  3 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  4 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  5 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  6 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  7 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  8 Sunny Saurabh (External)
  9 Sunny Saurabh (External)
10 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  1 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  2 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  3 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  4 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  5 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  6 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  7 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  8 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
  9 so this this would be like a paid functionality somebody wants to buy
1 it
2 Currently we are processing say CTC ctcm similar. There could be a
  1 Currently we are processing say CTC ctcm similar. There could be a
1 it the shopper dr services
8 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added into
  1 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added
  2 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added into
  3 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added into
  4 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added into
  5 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added into
  6 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added into
  7 it the shopper dr services that ssr will get automatically added into
1 the pnr and
6 the pnr and based on that ssr even though the service segment is not
  1 the pnr and based on that ssr even though
  2 the pnr and based on that ssr even though the service segment is not
  3 the pnr and based on that ssr even though the service segment is not
  4 the pnr and based on that ssr even though the service segment is not
  5 the pnr and based on that ssr even though the service segment is not
1 present other than
4 present other than the current logic which we have we should still go
  1 present other than the current logic which we have
  2 present other than the current logic which we have we should still go
  3 present other than the current logic which we have we should still go
1 ahead and provide
2 ahead and provide that pnr with the shuffle time services so this is in
  1 ahead and provide that pnr with the shuffle time services
